# School-District-Analysis
**Purpose**
  The purpose of this challenge was to take partially completed code and complete it. The code used a csv file that contained student grades across multiple districts. Using instructed commands, we were supposed to find out the percentage of students that had passing math and reading scores for Thomas High School. Furthermore, we had to compare the passing scores between other schools within the area. Once we completed this part, we then had to add the new passing values in a school summary chart. Once we completed that, we were then tasked with finding the top and bottom preforming schools overall. Finally, we were then tasked with creating bins and organizing the data based off school spending, school size, and school type.
**Analysis**
  For the district summary, we found that the reading schools in the district came out to be 86.9% out of 39170 students.  With an average reading score of 81.9, we can conclude for Thomas High School, that majority of students have passing scores and that the passing percent is a combined effort of most of the students. Same can be concluded for the math students, however, we can conclude that there is more of a gap between the grade of the top students and those who scored below average. Finally, we can see that from the overall passing, that a large portion of students are either failing math or reading, but very few are failing both. For the school summary, when calculating the passing percent, we found that for all the categories, Thomas High School was scoring worse when the 9th graders were dropped. While the percent change was minor, there was a change across all of the boards. Thomas High School actually dropped off the top 5 schools if the ninth graders were pulled from the data. When it came to creating data frames with the average passing reading and math score by grade, we found that on average for Thomas High School, ninth graders scored higher than the eleventh and twelfth graders. When it came to school spending, we found that schools with lower per student spending actually scored higher overall. Furthermore, there is an inverse relationship between school size and passing scores. We found that smaller schools and medium schools had much better scores than a large school. Finally, we found that schools that were chartered sonically did much better than district schools. 
**Summary**
For the challenge in this module, we were tasked with finding out how ninth grade reading, and math score effect the overall stats for Thomas High School. Furthermore, we were tasked with creating bins for the schools based off their spending, size, and type. From the data, we concluded that ninth graders had a slight impact on school passing success. From the data we found that when ninth grade students were dropped from the data. The schools scores fell slightly. While the amount was small, it was enough to knock Thomas High School off the top five schools. When then found that relationships between certain aspects of the schools. We concluded that in general smaller, less funded, and charter schools all did much better than their counterparts. 
